add selecting a default cluster (#4090)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/process-applications.md

## Create a process application

Create a new process application by clicking the **Create process application** button in an empty project or via
**New project > Create process application** if you have not yet created a project.

<p><img src={EmptyProjectImg} alt="Create a process application from an empty project" /></p>

### Select a default cluster

> After selecting **Create process application**, you may also select a preferred development cluster when creating the process application.

Author: There is a lot of context alluding to this prior to this section in the doc. For example, "We advise using a process application for all non-trivial automation projects." I don't want to be redundant, but I will add some clarity in my next commit 👍

If you have already [created a cluster](/guides/create-cluster.md), this will display below the **Name** for your process application, under **Select a development cluster**.

Select the toggle next to the preferred development cluster. The selected cluster will be used as the preferred cluster for deployment during development.

If you have not yet created a cluster, or see **No Cluster has been created yet** in the modal, select **Create new dev cluster**. This will automatically take you to the **Clusters** tab in Console to create a new cluster.

> If your modeling plan does not permit you to create more clusters, you may notice a warning message reading `Cluster creation is not available on this modeling plan`. Contact the admin or owner of your organization to upgrade your plan.

Reviewer: Just FYI, (up to you to include it or not in the docs), we also support the case that the user has no permission to create a cluster. In this case, you will see a warning message:
`Missing permissions`. Contact your organization admin to create a DEV cluster.

Author: Added 😄

## Create a process application

Create a new process application by clicking the **Create process application** button in an empty project or via
**New project > Create process application** if you have not yet created a project.

<p><img src={EmptyProjectImg} alt="Create a process application from an empty project" /></p>

### Select a default cluster

After selecting **Create process application**, you may also select a preferred development cluster when creating the process application.

If you have already [created a cluster](/guides/create-cluster.md), this will display below the **Name** for your process application, under **Select a development cluster**.

Select the toggle next to the preferred development cluster. The selected cluster will be used as the preferred cluster for deployment during development.

If you have not yet created a cluster, or see **No Cluster has been created yet** in the modal, select **Create new dev cluster**. This will automatically take you to the **Clusters** tab in Console to create a new cluster.

> If your modeling plan does not permit you to create more clusters, you may notice a warning message reading `Cluster creation is not available on this modeling plan`. Contact the admin or owner of your organization to upgrade your plan.
> 
> If you notice a warning message reading `Missing permissions`, you may not have the proper permissions to create a cluster. Contact your organization's admin to create a cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::note 
Both your plan and account must have sufficient permissions to create new clusters. If you experience `Cluster creation is not available on this modeling plan` or `Missing permissions` warnings, contact the admin or owner of your organization to create a cluster, or to upgrade your plan.
:::
```

Author: I do want to differentiate the two solutions based on the error messages. I'm not going to commit this, but I will tweak it a bit for conciseness!
